DOC: F2PY documentation improvements (#21836)
numpy/numpy: doc/source/f2py/usage.rst

  ``--build-dir <dirname>``
    All F2PY generated files are created in ``<dirname>``. Default is
    ``tempfile.mkdtemp()``.
  ``--f2cmap <filename>``
    Load Fortran-to-Python KIND specification from the given file.
    For example, if you have a fortran file ``func1.f`` with the following:

    .. literalinclude:: ./code/f2cmap_demo.f
       :language: fortran

    In order to convert ``int64`` and ``real64`` to vaild C data types,
    you can create a ``.f2py_f2cmap`` file in the current directory:

    .. code-block:: text

      dict(real=dict(real32='float', real64='double'), integer=dict(int64='long long'))

    and pass it to ``f2py`` using ``--f2cmap`` flag.

    .. code-block:: sh

>       f2py -c func1.f -m func1 --f2cmap .f2py_f2cmap

Reviewer: This example should be shifted to where `f2cmap` is discussed in the [Advanced F2PY use cases](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/f2py/advanced.html#dealing-with-kind-specifiers).

  ``--build-dir <dirname>``
    All F2PY generated files are created in ``<dirname>``. Default is
    ``tempfile.mkdtemp()``.
  ``--f2cmap <filename>``

>     Load Fortran-to-Python KIND specification from the given file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Load Fortran-to-C ``KIND`` specifications from the given file.
```
